hey guys I just feel like making an
outside video let's get the mail yay
look at my backyard
there's my fucker see bills purchase
this is not sponsored by loot crate
check out the promo code in the
description hashtag this is not real
there's no promo code I believe just get
my handy dandy scissors so put it up
here okay let's go in order here start
off with the t-shirt says L the t-shirt
with the terrain was shaped like length
a bit like alright I'm sure set that to
the side okay we got to Lord of the
Rings color-changing glass
oh that's sweet
I don't know what Lord the Rings is but
I mean I know try to make a video call
you have here you have Adventure Time
the nice king and Gunther fuck come on I
[Applause]
already know scissors got nice little
Ice King
nice King no clear what assist
Papa did two towers oh this is Lord race
his Lord of the Rings as a Lord the
Rings print we've got some nice ring
stuff good as soon as like a
I don't know what I don't know what
after these are okay yeah this is just
uh okay
it is just a blue Krait kingdom pin
that's all she wrote
that was my loot crate unboxing hope you
enjoyed it it's probably din kidding I
hope you do good